;; This buffer is for notes you don't want to save, and for Lisp evaluation.
;; If you want to create a file, visit that file with C-x C-f,
;; then enter the text in that file's own buffer.



Included continuous line numbers for ease of reference in the responses

The parameters pertain to the odds ratios relative to the 70mm. The
baseline position is the port outside position and implies that at
mean weight and mean carapace length, similar proportions are found
across the cod-ends in the port outside position (Table 3). Port
inside effect is significantly negative (Table 3) implying a lower
fishing power for this position in this trial, this can be seen in
Figure 7 where whichever cod-end fished in the port inside position
had a lower proportions retained compared to that cod-end in other
positions. The starboard inside position was not significantly
different to the port outside (Table 3), whereas the starboard outside
have a smaller but significantly higher retention compared to the port
outside (Table 3). The slopes over carapace length increased relative
to the baseline (port outside) in both the port inside and starboard
outside positions (Table 3, Figure 7). The effects of cod end weight
are interpreted with carapace length also: with increasing weight, the
70mm retains increasing proportion of smaller Nephrops and decreasing
proportions of larger Nephrops. The 80mm had non-significant effects
of weight on baseline proportions and proportions retained over
carapace length. The 90mm net had increasing proportions retained with
increasing weight (Table 3). Note additional model fitting could be
used to removed non-significant parameters in the scope of an effect,
as elaborated on in the Discussion.


Based on the standard errors of the carapace length effects for the port outside only the 80/70 has a significant slope for the port outside position imply that only the





